Added documentation for Zeversolar (#25472)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/zeversolar.markdown

---
title: Zeversolar
description: Instructions on how to configure the Zeversolar integration within Home Assistant
ha_category:
  - Environment
ha_release: 2023.2
ha_iot_class: Local Polling
ha_domain: zeversolar
ha_platforms:
  - sensor
ha_config_flow: true
ha_integration_type: integration
ha_codeowners:
  - '@kvanzuijlen'
---

> The Zeversolar integration uses the local device IP to get information like the current power and
> todays total energy production.
> This integration allows you to collect and save data to get an historic overview of your Zeversolar
> production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Zeversolar integration uses the local device IP to get information like the current power and
today's total energy production.
This integration allows you to collect and save data providig a historical overview of your Zeversolar
production.
```

## Prerequisites

> You need a Zeversolar inverter connected to your solar panels and wifi. Furthermore you need to
> get the Zeversolar IP address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need a Zeversolar inverter connected to your solar panels and Wi-Fi. Furthermore, you need to
get the Zeversolar IP address.
```
